in the last video we saw how to
implement our react and redux workflow
to purchase an item available for sale
in the online marketplace there were a
few main concepts covered there we saw
again how to apply the concepts of
components dispatching actions that
notify reducers and that helps us cement
that workflow model by seeing it through
different use cases and we also saw how
to send ether to transactions to pay for
purchases well now it's time to look at
how we can transfer the ether that our
online marketplace has collected back
into our own wallet when the buyers
purchased our item for sale the ether
used for that purchase didn't go to the
seller it was transferred to the smart
contract deploy out on the etherium
network that carries a lot of security
risk to you as a developer your code is
holding the funds that belong to someone
else we're gonna see how we'll be
building the ability to transfer that
money from the smart contract to the
seller in this video in doing so we'll
be using the same pattern we've seen a
few times already the react component
dispatches in action the action executes
our smart contract function on the
ethereum blockchain a reducer listens
for that action to finish then provides
the updated state to us and we use that
new data to reflect changes in our user
interface we're also going to look at
some of the constraints will implement
in our smart contract to ensure it
remains secure here I've highlighted the
amount of funds held by our sellers
wallet and meta mask the seller
currently has ninety-nine point eight
five three ether in the wallet after
clicking claim funds the two ether that
was being held in the smart contract is
transferred to the seller you'll also
notice that at the bottom we've got a
notification banner that shows the
transaction ID from the etherion
blockchain to the user confirming that
their transaction was submitted the
reason that this is important is because
there's a time delay between submitting
the transaction to the etherium network
and the funds showing up in the seller's
wallet this is because we submit the
transaction but then the miners have to
do their thing confirm the transaction
and then add it to the blockchain at
which point the funds will be
transferred to the users wallet so by
giving them this transaction ID they'll
be able to trace that Trans
action down on the network and see its
exact status if they have questions or
if it's taking longer than what they
feel it should this is the component
that we're going to render that allows
the seller to claim their funds from the
smart contract clicking the claim funds
button is going to trigger the workflow
that we've been practicing on throughout
the previous videos so let's break this
down by first looking at the Redux
action that's dispatched when the seller
clicks that claim funds button in our
code editor you can see the claim funds
class that we've created that extends
the react component class in our render
method we return to claim funds button
and a snack bar and the snack bar is the
banner that you saw at the bottom where
we display the transaction ID when the
user clicks the claim funds button it's
going to execute this claim funds
function so if we look at the code for
that it executes the claim funds
function from our actions so if we take
a look at that code again we're wrapping
a function in a promise so if we take a
look at this claim funds from contract
function we're getting the deployed
instance of our contract then executing
the claim funds function from within the
smart contract on the ethereum
blockchain that executes as a promise
and then when that promise is resolved
we return the resolved method that we
passed into the function inside of that
promises where we execute our smart
contract function so let's take a look
at the code inside of our smart contract
and we'll get an idea for some of the
security constraints that we've built
into that
inside the solidity file for our smart
contract we find the plane funds
function and you see these two requires
statements here so the require
statements are ways of implementing
constraints that must return true in
order for this function to proceed so we
have that the message sender is equal to
the item sold that seller this ensures
that the only person who can pull the
funds out of this contract is the person
who posted the item for sale
and we also have the received boolean
flag on our item sold which is set to
true whenever the buyer confirms that
they've received the product so this
prevents the seller from pulling out the
funds until the buyer has confirmed that
they've received the item that they
ordered using a require statement like
this gives us a really quick and easy
way to ensure that certain constraints
are met to prevent our functions from
transferring funds that they shouldn't
be transferring or prevent people from
taking actions that they shouldn't be
allowed to take and because these
constraints are baked into the solidity
file smart contract deployed on the
etherion blockchain they're part of the
smart contract meaning that someone from
a user interface or a malicious user
can't craft their own method of
executing these functions and get around
those constraints
with the execution of our smart contract
function complete let's see how the
redox reducer gets involved to update
application state and update our user
interface back in our Redux action we
wrap that smart contract function
execution in a promise when that promise
resolves we'll get a transaction back
with that transaction will execute The
Dispatch lunge transfer function
which is going to dispatch an event
called funds transferred it's also going
to pass the transaction that we received
back from the etherium network as well
as set a success flag equal to true over
an hour reducer the reducer is watching
for the type of funds transfer and when
it sees it it's going to update a
transaction key in the state with the
transaction ID we received back from the
action
returning to our UI we see that the
stacked bar message is set to this state
message
and initially we set that to an empty
stream because there's no transaction
but using component will receive props
we're able to check and see that
whenever the next set of properties
comes in if the previous value for that
transaction key is different than the
new value for that transaction key we
can be reasonably certain we received a
transaction ID back from the network so
we'll update our state to set the
snackbar message equal to the value that
we received back from next props and
we'll set open equal to true which
causes the snack bar to display that
brings our react and redux workflow full
cycle where we've initiated a UI event
and use that to update the UI and the
end result of that is transferring funds
from the smart contract into the sellers
wallet allowing them to claim the
proceeds of their sale by now you should
have a general understanding of the
component action reducer workflow we're
going to use in our application so now
it's time to get our development
environment set up so that in the next
section we can start writing the code to
build this app from the ground up in the
next video I'm going to introduce the
tools we'll be using for the rest of the
course you'll learn what role each tool
plays in our development lifecycle and
why we need it I look forward to seeing
you there